README.md, before:

# RxNag - Medication Reminder

A very lightweight off-line application to nag you when it is time to take your medications.  It is 100% free and open source. (GPL-3)

## Requirements

You need Python3, PyQt5, and PyGame for audio playback.

On Linux Mint, Ubuntu, Debian, etc. (Python3 should already be installed)

```apt install python3 python3-pyqt5 python3-pygame```

## Usage
Add your medications, set their dose _interval_. (how often you take them) When you get a notification message simply click on the tray icon and then click the **[Mark taken]** button."  

These notifications will continue every _notification interval_. (default 5 minutes)  

You can **Mute** notifications to disable them per-medication.  While muted they will still be tracked when taken.

## Auto run after login
It is possible to add RxNag to auto run when you login.  For example, in Linux Mint for use **Mint Menu -> Startup Applications** then select the **[+]** icon. (plus)

## Configuration
Select the **[Config]** button.

Notification interval (in minutes) [Default 5] - This is how often to check for next dose
Notification sound file [Default reminder.wav] - Custom audio file (.wav,.ogg,.mp3) 

Configuration and all data are only stored in your home folder.
```$HOME/.local/share/rxnag/config.json```

Please ensure you are backing up your home directory.

## Tips
You can right click on the tray icon to exit/show.  Or you can simply just left-click the icon.

## Privacy Policy
There is no need as this is a **100% _off-line_** application.  

This app **_DOES NOT_** have any of the following "features":

* Requires an on-line account for use
* Requires a internet connection
* Sells your data to third parties
* Transmit anything to anywhere else
* Spam you with donation requests
* Take hundreds of MB/GB of disk space or RAM (currently < 1MB on disk)
* Does anything other than nag you to take your medications

Commit message:

Changed sound playback library from pyglet to pygame for better audio format support. Added command line arguments --show, --minimized and config option to control how program starts. Improved config dialog and bumped version to 1.0.2 Added toggle for sound playback.

README.md, after:

# RxNag - Medication Reminder

A very lightweight off-line application to nag you when it is time to take your medications.  It is 100% free and open source. (GPL-3)

## Requirements

You need Python3, PyQt5, and PyGame. (PyGame is for audio playback).

On Linux Mint, Ubuntu, Debian, etc. (Python3 should already be installed)

```apt install python3 python3-pyqt5 python3-pygame```

## Usage
Add your medications, set their dose _interval_. (how often you take them) When you get a notification message simply click on the tray icon and then click the **[Mark taken]** button."  

These notifications will continue every _notification interval_. (default 5 minutes)  

You can **Mute** notifications to disable them per-medication.  While muted they will still be tracked when taken.

## Auto run after login
It is possible to add RxNag to auto run when you login.  For example, in Linux Mint for use **Mint Menu -> Startup Applications** then select the **[+]** icon. (plus)

## Configuration
Select the **[Config]** button.

Notification interval (in minutes) [Default 5] - This is how often to check for next dose
Notification shown  (in seconds) [Default 10] - How long the popup notification lasts before closing
Notification sound file [Default reminder.wav] - Custom audio file (.wav,.ogg,.mp3) 
Notification volume [Default 75%] 
Start minimized - Start the application minimized to system tray.  (can also use `--minimized` argument)

Configuration and all data are only stored in your home folder.
```$HOME/.local/share/rxnag/config.json```

Please ensure you are backing up your home directory.

## Command line arguments

* `--show` - Shows the window regardless of minimized setting in config.
* `--minimized` - Start minimized to the system tray

## Tips
You can right click on the tray icon to exit/show.  Or you can simply just left-click the icon.

## Privacy Policy
There is no need as this is a **100% _off-line_** application.  

This app **_DOES NOT_** have any of the following "features":

* Requires an on-line account for use
* Requires a internet connection
* Sells your data to third parties
* Transmit anything to anywhere else
* Spam you with donation requests
* Take hundreds of MB/GB of disk space or RAM (currently < 1MB on disk)
* Does anything other than nag you to take your medications
